As I told you, it's now mounted and
I set up the part of the beds, you can see that the
very broad
at another table here it is two more
people
stove running every mouth
so this is it now I'll show it out there
A little here is the compartment that
go the gas cylinder the time
automatically closes it
it has an equal foot system of ship
that he stands where he does all the
service as I told you, truck s10
and an arrangement is not for nothing also pulls that
such a system of standing of him that you make of
leveling where that little foot goes
downloading you do a leveling it
complete one of them where deposits
I put another car extension hose
altogether
here where he throws water out that
compartment and is no longer used
he was deactivated prefect population of
new here the plumbing box system
water was made new
it 's working here
so whoever is interested just enter
contact in the phone area code 49
912 1 6 4 and 6 3
the area code 49 912 1 6 4 6 3 follows
the karmann trail guide 87